>> Maximiliano Firtman: To finish
the ESX recap, we will go to that
URL Firtman my last name,
.github.io/projs.
And there we will be
playing with different
ECMAScript features directly
in an online editor.
For modules, we have separate files, and
it was better to use BS code and
a folder, opening that URL.
This is how it looks like,
can go full screen as well.
So we have a selector here at the top,
let me clear this so
it's empty as your example.
So it's just a vanilla
JavaScript code editor, okay?
So I can write some code here,
like console.log("hello"), run.
You can run also with Cmd+Return on the
Mac, Ctrl+Enter on Windows or click Run.
And the console log will show there,
just we can quickly analyze
some chart scrape and the differences and
so on, so that's the goal.
And then we have here
selected to load a codelab.
So we have several chapters here,
and we will go through most of these
options we have here, some of them
are small things and really simple.
Some others may need some work,
and they have a challenge and
then that's why there is a solution
that will give you a solution and so on.
So for example,
if we go to a scope variables,
if you run this nothing important
really happens yet, I will just use
this to just do a very quick recap
on variable declaration and scoping.
And by the way here also you have
a link to download the slides, okay?
For this workshop, so there.
So in case you wanna download
a copy of the slides, it's there.
So by the way, the whole editor
is using open source editor.
So something simple, vanilla JavaScript,
nothing really fancy here is going on.
So every variable that you define
in a context outside of modules,
at least it's global,
probably you know that.
So if you use the bar keyword,
it's global.
And if you use the bar keyword inside
the function, it's function scope.
So for example, this was something
that was making crazy a lot of
developers coming from Java,
C, C-sharp into JavaScript.
Script that you declare
a variable within an if.
So it's inside this code
block that declaration, but
that variable is actually function scoped,
not block scoped.
So actually, it's available here.
That's why when you run this, it says,
Check me and people coming from Java,
C-sharp, C,
they were used to block scoped variables.
So every time you have a block
like a code block calibrates, and
you create the variable there,
it should work only within that block.
Well, that's not what happens by default
with JavaScript and the bar keyword.
But when you change that to the led
keyword, the led keyword is
block-based, and
this is more similar to other languages.
And again, why did you just
change the behavior of bar,
back bar compatibility, okay?
So now when you run this,
it says function scoped is not defined.
Because, yeah, it's defined within
this code block only, okay?
It's something simple and const,
it's actually similar with the difference
that makes that variable immutable.
We can discuss the whole day
if const creates constants or
immutable variables,
we are not going to discuss that anyway.
But yeah, it says const, but it's actually
a variable because it's using space in
memory compared with how constants work
in other languages, but it's immutable.
But we know for
sure that it's immutable, okay?
So it's not gonna change once I set it.